docs(auth-kit): Update docs for the new `SafeAuthPack` (#289)
safe-global/safe-docs: safe-core-sdk/auth-kit/reference/SafeAuthPack.md

# SafeAuthPack

> SafeAuth is a pluggable authentication infrastructure for Web3 wallets and applications. It simplifies onboarding for mainstream and crypto native users, offering experiences tailored to their preferences. It supports all social logins, web and mobile native platforms, wallets, and other key management methods, creating a cryptographic key provider specific to the user and application.

Reviewer: Could you add pluggable to the Vale allow list?

> SafeAuth is a pluggable authentication infrastructure for Web3 wallets and applications. It simplifies onboarding for mainstream and crypto native users, offering experiences tailored to their preferences. It supports all social logins, web and mobile native platforms, wallets, and other key management methods, creating a cryptographic key provider specific to the user and application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SafeAuth is a pluggable authentication infrastructure for web3 wallets and applications. It simplifies onboarding for mainstream and crypto native users, offering experiences tailored to their preferences. It supports all social logins, web and mobile native platforms, wallets, and other key management methods, creating a cryptographic key provider specific to the user and application.
```

The `SafeAuthPack` enables using the [Web3Auth infrastructure](https://web3auth.io) with added Safe capabilities, such as retrieving the related Safe addresses for a given externally-owned account created using SafeAuth services.

> The pack helps onboard web2 users and provides an Ethereum signer address that can be used across any dApp using the different Ethereum chains.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The pack helps onboard web2 users and provides an Ethereum signer address that can be used across any dapp using the different Ethereum chains.
```

## Install dependencies

To use the `SafeAuthPack`, you must install the `@safe-global/auth-kit` package and the corresponding Web3Auth one.

```bash
yarn add @safe-global/auth-kit@alpha @web3auth/safeauth-embed
```

## Reference

The `SafeAuthPack` class makes SafeAuth modal and Safe accounts work together. Create an instance of the pack and initialize it to start the interaction.

```typescript
const safeAuthPack = new SafeAuthPack({
  txServiceUrl: 'https://safe-transaction-mainnet.safe.global',
});
await safeAuthPack.init(safeAuthInitOptions);
```

### `new SafeAuthPack(safeAuthConfig)`

> **Params**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Parameters**
```

- `safeAuthConfig?` - The `SafeAuthPack` class instantiation accepts the following options in its configuration:

```typescript
SafeAuthConfig {
  txServiceUrl?: string
}
```

> - `txServiceUrl?` - The URL of the Safe Transaction Service. It's mandatory in chains where Safe doesn't provide a Transaction Service. It's used to retrieve the Safe addresses for an EOA created using SafeAuth services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `txServiceUrl?` - The URL of the Safe Transaction Service. It's mandatory in chains where Safe doesn't provide a Transaction Service. It retrieves the Safe addresses for an EOA created using SafeAuth services.
```
